Stepper: add Getting Started (#7318)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/Stepper/05 Getting Started with Stepper/10 Configure Steps.md

> This tutorials specifies the following properties to configure Stepper steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial specifies the following properties to configure Stepper steps:
```

- [label](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxStepper/Configuration/items/#label)    
Assigns a step label.
- [icon](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxStepper/Configuration/items/#icon)    
Defines a step icon. For more information on the DevExteme icon library, refer to [DevExtreme Icons](/Documentation/guide/themes_and_styles/icons/).
- [optional](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxStepper/Configuration/items/#optional)    
Adds an "Optional" caption.

> You can also configure steps with the following properties:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also specify the following properties:
```

> You can configure steps with the following properties as well:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also configure steps with the following properties:
```

- [isValid](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxStepper/Configuration/items/#isValid)    

> A visual indicator for step validation.

Reviewer 2: All other items start with a verb, so I want to change this one too. 

```suggestion
Indicates input validation state for a step.
```

- [text](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxStepper/Configuration/items/#text)    
Defines text displayed on a step indicator.
- [hint](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxStepper/Configuration/items/#hint)    
Specifies step hint text that appears upon hover or long-press.
- [disabled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxStepper/Configuration/items/#disabled)    
Disables a step.

> The code below assign six steps to the component with different configuration options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code below assigns six steps to the component with different configuration options.
```
